Just like with any other job, the military has lots of different personalities.
And I have my own unique personality and sometimes I can be
very antisocial. Of course you're gonna work with some people that
you don't want to be around and in those cases, what I found myself
doing is, you know of course you try to talk with them, you try to
be friendly. But if you're just butting heads, you kinda keep your mouth
shut. You just sit there, you stay off in your own world. It's
better to, especially when you're around expensive equipment, to not
be so talkative and perform your work rather than getting in an argument
and then having to be on the watch with this person for the next
five years (who you're arguing with) you don't want that to happen.
Just stay in your own world when you find people that you don't
get along with so much.